normal	Arraneged marriage is while you are walking unfortuntly a snake bites you. but love marriage is dancing in front of the snake &amp; sayin Bite me, bite me.
normal	Huh so early.. Then you having dinner outside izzit?
normal	Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
normal	my ex-wife was not able to have kids. Do you want kids one day?
normal	So how's scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream
normal	Tell them you have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
normal	I don't think i'll quit yet... Hmmm, can go jazz ? Yogasana oso can... We can go meet em after our lessons den... 
normal	"Pete can you please ring meive hardly gotany credit"
normal	Ya srsly better than yi tho
normal	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
normal	You still at grand prefix?
normal	I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Good night...
normal	I am great! How are you?
normal	Good morning dear have a nice day
normal	Will do. Was exhausted on train this morning. Too much wine and pie. You sleep well too
normal	I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
normal	Mind blastin.. No more Tsunamis will occur from now on.. Rajnikant stopped swimming in Indian Ocean..:-D
normal	If you sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
normal	Be happy there. I will come after noon
normal	Meet after lunch la...
normal	TaKe CaRE and gET WeLL sOOn 
normal	what I meant to say is can't wait to see you again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
normal	Never mind it's ok..
normal	It's fine, imma get a drink or something. Want me to come find you?
normal	It's a valentine game. Send this message to all your friends. .. If 5 answers are the same then someone really loves you. Question- which colour suits me the best?reply me
normal	I have many dependents
normal	THANKS TODAY CERe IT WAS NICE to CATCH UP BUT WE AVE to FIND MORE TIME MORE OFTEN OH WELL TAKE CARE see you SOON.
normal	I called and said all to him:)then he have to choose this future.
normal	"Happy valentines day" I know its early but i have hundreds of handsomes and beauties to wish. So i thought to finish off aunties and uncles 1st...
normal	He like not v shock leh. becouse telling shuhui is like telling leona also. Like date almost all know liao. He got ask me about your reaction lor.
normal	For my family happiness..
normal	I come n pick you up... Come out immediately after your lesson...
normal	Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings people together so friendships can grow.
normal	Dear we got  &lt;#&gt;  dollars hi hi
normal	Good words.... But words may leave you in dismay many times.
normal	MAKE SURE ALEX KNOWS HIS BIRTHDAY IS OVER IN FIFTEEN MINUTES AS FAR AS YOU'RE CONCERNED
normal	sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in public later.
normal	Nah it's straight, if you can just bring but or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash.
normal	Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th.
normal	How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
normal	Yup i think they are a teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
normal	Please don't say like that. Hi hi hi
normal	Thank you!
normal	Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me.
normal	Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml – hope ok.
normal	Me and him so funny...
normal	Sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! Have one with loads of reasons to smile. Biola
normal	When you login date time... Dad fetching you home now?
normal	What will we do in the shower, baby?
normal	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
normal	Well i am definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out
normal	said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! 
normal	Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit.
normal	Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday.
normal	Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean we‘re in b‘ham. Have a jolly good rest of week
normal	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about you?
normal	Do you mind if I ask what happened? You don't have to say if it is uncomfortable.
normal	No problem. I will send to your email.
normal	Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sometimes rough and hard.
normal	I'm gonna say no. Sorry. I would but as normal am starting to panic about time. Sorry again! Are you seeing on Tuesday?
normal	Wait, do you know if wesleys in town? I bet she does hella drugs!
normal	Fine i miss you very much.
normal	Did you got that persons story
normal	Tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
