normal	Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now heading out.
normal	Mmm so yummy babe ... Nice jolt to the suzy.
normal	Where are you lover? I need you.
normal	I‘m parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
normal	Yup
normal	Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. because my sister not done yet. Do not disturb you liao.
normal	MY NO. IN LUTON 0125698789 RING ME IF YOUR AROUND!
normal	Why you Did not come with us.
normal	Same. Wana plan a trip sometime then.
normal	Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him.
normal	The evo. I just had to download flash. Jealous?
normal	Come to me, we're sorting out our narcotics situation.
normal	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
normal	Useful I guess, might as well take one car.
normal	No objection. My boyfriend not coming.
normal	Thanx...
normal	Tell rob to mack his girlfriend in the theater.
normal	Awesome, I'll see you in a bit.
normal	Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
normal	All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
normal	You got called a tool?
normal	"When you miss someone, the person is definitely special for you. But if the person is so special, why to miss them, just Keep-in-touch" good evening.
normal	Ok. I asked for money how far.
normal	Ok.
normal	Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down
normal	ok, I might come by to night then if my class lets out early.
normal	hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what are you up to? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny xxx.
normal	My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World.
normal	Dear,shall mail to night.busy in the street,shall update you tonight.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
normal	Hey you told your name to gautham ah?
normal	you found him? I feel so stupid.
normal	Oops. for got that bit.
normal	Are you this much buzy.
normal	I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
normal	Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
normal	Hurt me.Tease me.Make me cry... But and the end of my life when i die please keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS YOU.. HAVE A NICE DAY.
normal	I cant pick the phone right now. Please and a message
normal	Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already
normal	Awesome, I remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel.
normal	Shit that is really shocking and scary, can not imagine for a second. Define up for night out. Do you think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
normal	Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight? 
normal	He is a wondarfull actor.
normal	Yup... From what i remb... I think should be can book... 
normal	Just ask if you wanna meet up?
normal	Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread because you won't buy stuff.
normal	Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf.
normal	Today is ACCEPT DAY. Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
normal	He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week.
normal	Hi the way I was with you to day, is the normal way&this is the real me. you are unique&I hope I know you for the rest of mylife. Hope you find won't was lost.
normal	You made my day. Do have a great day too.
normal	ok advance happy pongal.
normal	Hmmm... Guess we can go for kb and power yoga.Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga another... Thanks got loose, forgot.
normal	Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid.
normal	Coffee cake, i guess.
normal	Merry Christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*.
normal	Hey... Why don't we just go watch x-men and have lunch... Haha. 
normal	could you tell people i am gonna be a bit late because to buses have gone past because they were full & im still waitin 4 1. Pete x.
normal	That would be great. We'll be at the Guild. Could meet on Bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. Our plans take flight! Have a good week
normal	No problem. How are you doing?
normal	No calls..messages..missed calls.
normal	Hi da:)how is the todays class?
normal	I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women.
normal	Cool, text me when you're parked.
normal	I'm reading the text i just sent you, It's meant to be a joke. So read it in that light.
