normal	Nope. Think i will go for it on monday. Sorry i replied so late.
normal	Some of them told accenture is not confirm. Is it true.
normal	Kate jackson rec center before seven wish, right?
normal	Dear i have reached room.
normal	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
normal	When can you come out?
normal	Check with nuerologist.
normal	Lol nice. I went from a fish to ..water.
normal	You should know now. So how's anthony. Are you bringing money. I've school fees to pay and rent and stuff like that. Thats why i need your help. A friend in need....|
normal	What's the significance?
normal	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
normal	at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try
normal	Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..from heart i'm sory.
normal	Lol ok your forgiven :)
normal	No..just change that only..
normal	So:)no competition for him.
normal	Shall i come to get pickle.
normal	Were gonna  get some tacos.
normal	That's very rude, you on campus?
normal	Hi i won't be heard for christmas. But do enjoy and merry x'mas.
normal	Yes! How is a pretty lady like you single?
normal	What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
normal	Goodnight....take care...practice going on.
normal	I'll be late...
normal	I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was later malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so please give her my love especially. Have a great day.
normal	Good afternoon, my love! How goes that day ? I hope maybe you got some leads on a job. I think of you, boy toy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea.
normal	Probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight &lt;)
normal	Or maybe my fate fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
normal	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of the day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
normal	I am in tirupur, once you started from office call me.
normal	But i am going to college pa. What to do. are else ill come there it self. Pa.
normal	4 o'clock at mine. Just to bash out a flat plan.
normal	This girl does not stay in bed. This girl doesn't need recovery time. I would rather pass out while having fun then be cooped up in bed
normal	Then any special there?
normal	I know but you need to get hotel now. I just got my invitation but i had to apologise. Cali is to sweet for me to come to some english bloke's weddin
normal	Sorry that took so long, omw now
normal	Wait  &lt;#&gt;  min..
normal	Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
normal	Imagine you finally get to sink into that bath after I have put you through your paces, maybe even having you eat me for a while before I left ... But also imagine the feel of that cage on your cock surrounded by the bath water, reminding you always who owns you ... Enjoy, my cuck
normal	Hurry up, I've been weed-deficient for like three days
normal	Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo
normal	Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
normal	I‘ll have a look at the frying pan in case it‘s cheap or a book perhaps. No that‘s silly a frying pan isn‘t likely to be a book
normal	O. Well you have causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
normal	Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
normal	I know that my friend already told that.
normal	Hi Princess! Thank you for the pictures. You are very pretty. How are you?
normal	Aiyo... you always see our example one... I don't about me, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. 
normal	Hi message me:)i'm in office..
normal	Thanks for e brownie it's very nice...
normal	Geeeee ... I love you so much I can barely stand it.
normal	Fuck babe ... I miss you already, you know ? Can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? I need you ... I want you ... I crave you ...
normal	I will call you tommarow at ninish, with my address that icky American freek won't stop callin me to bad Jen k eh?
normal	Oooh bed ridden eye? What are YOU thinking of?
normal	So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already
normal	Love it! Daddy will make you scream with pleasure! I am going to slap your ass with my dick!
normal	Would you WANNA DO THEN MISSY?
normal	Yar lor wait for my mum to finish such then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
normal	Do you know where my lab goggles went
normal	Can you open the door?
normal	Waiting for your call.
normal	Nope i waiting in such for daddy... 
normal	I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
normal	you wait for me in such i finish ard..
