normal	Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
normal	Okay name your price as long as its legal! When can I pick them up?
normal	I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone fourth driving test yet.
normal	As per your request 'balle balle' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
normal	wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nice, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
normal	Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
normal	Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
normal	All right, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
normal	How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
normal	I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
normal	Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
normal	What is the plural of the noun research?
normal	Going for dinner. msg you after.
normal	I'm ok with it because i like to try new things. But i scared you done like me. because you said not too loud. 
normal	Hmm, my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So please buy food.
normal	here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
normal	I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
normal	you predict what time you will finish buying?
normal	Good stuff, will do.
normal	Just so that you know, ram hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
normal	Are you there in room.
normal	HEY GIRL. HOW ARE YOU? HOPE YOU ARE WELL ME AND RAM ARE BACK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO SEE! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCY
normal	ok, how much does it cost?
normal	I'm home.
normal	Dear, will call Tomorrow. please accomodate.
normal	First answer my question.
normal	He is there. You call and meet him.
normal	No no. I will check all rooms before activities.
normal	Got see... I lazy to type... I forgot you in lecture... I saw a pouch but like not very nice...
normal	OK, text me when you're on the way
normal	Sir, Waiting for your mail.
normal	A sweet thought: "Never get tired of doing little things for lovable persons.." because..somtimes those little things occupy the biggest part in their Hearts.. good night
normal	I know you are. Can you please open the back?
normal	Yes see ya not on the dot.
normal	Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
normal	Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so please pray very hard.
normal	oK..i deleted my contact that why?
normal	Sindu got job in birla soft ..
normal	The wine is flowing and i have nevering..
normal	Yup i think cine is better cos no need to go down to plaza.
normal	Ok... your typical reply...
normal	As per your request 'Melle Melle' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
normal	You are everywhere dirty, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
normal	All right are you at work?
normal	I'm leaving my house now.
normal	Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
normal	Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
normal	New car and house for my parents.i have only new job in hand:)
normal	I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
normal	I place all your points one cultures module already.
normal	Hi friend, which is best way to avoid missunderstding with our beloved one's?
normal	Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomarrow.
normal	Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
normal	Hmmm.. Thanks sure got time to hope ard... Ya, can go for free about... Muz call you to discuss liao... 
normal	What time you coming down later? 
normal	Bloody hell, can't believe you forgot my surname Mr . I will give you a clue, its spanish and begins with m... 
normal	Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
normal	Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
normal	you still going to the mall?
normal	Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth
normal	Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
normal	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA . We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
normal	You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a great weekend
normal	you can trust me.
