normal	Please don't say like that. Hi hi hi
normal	Thank you!
normal	Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me.
normal	Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml – hope ok.
normal	Me and him so funny...
normal	Sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! Have one with loads of reasons to smile. Biola
normal	When you login date time... Dad fetching you home now?
normal	What will we do in the shower, baby?
normal	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
normal	Well i am definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out
normal	said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! 
normal	Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit.
normal	Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday.
normal	Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean we‘re in b‘ham. Have a jolly good rest of week
normal	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about you?
normal	Do you mind if I ask what happened? You don't have to say if it is uncomfortable.
normal	No problem. I will send to your email.
normal	Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sometimes rough and hard.
normal	I'm gonna say no. Sorry. I would but as normal am starting to panic about time. Sorry again! Are you seeing on Tuesday?
normal	hello, how are you. i am fine, what about you.
normal	hii,
normal	hello,
normal	Ok, i'm watching here.
normal	Is that seriously how you spell his name?
normal	I‘m going to try for 2 months,ha ha only joking.
normal	Did you catch the bus? Are you frying an egg? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner? Do you feel my Love ?
normal	I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room.
normal	Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
normal	Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. 
normal	OK tell me anything about you.
normal	you don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
normal	What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
normal	Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday?
normal	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
normal	Tell where you reached.
normal	Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
normal	Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
normal	Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
normal	Its a part of checking IQ.
normal	Sorry my roommates took forever, it's ok if I come by now?
normal	I plan to give on this month end.
normal	Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
normal	Finished class where are you.
normal	ok, where are you? how did you performed?
normal	you can call me now...
normal	I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
normal	Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
normal	I like you peoples very much. but i am very shy pa.
normal	Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
normal	It's not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do you earn there.
normal	Sorry, I'll call later.
normal	OK. Did you call me just now? 
normal	Ok i am on the way to home.
normal	You will be in the place of that man.
normal	Yup next stop.
normal	I call you later, don't have network. If urgent, sms me.
normal	For real when you getting on you? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
normal	Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
normal	I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
normal	come when you are free.
normal	Watching telugu movie. what about you?
normal	i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay.
normal	Does that cause prob for you?
normal	I see a cup of coffee animation.
