normal	Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... 
normal	Bring home some Wendy.
normal	What's up there. Don't you want to sleep.
normal	Alright i have a new goal now.
normal	Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
normal	Yes,from last week itself i'm taking live call.
normal	Siva is in hostel aha:-.
normal	Send this to your friends and receive something about your voice..... How is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.Sentiment 4.rowdy 5.full of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.Attractive 9.funny  &lt;#&gt; .irritating  &lt;#&gt; .lovable. reply me..
normal	Ok. She'll be ok. I guess.
normal	aathi..where are you dear..
normal	Any pain on urination any thing else?
normal	seven at esplanade.. Do ü mind giving me a lift cos i got no car today..
normal	I want to buy a BMW car urgently..its very urgent.but have a shortage of &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to argument distance amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my problem.
normal	At home watching tv lor.
normal	Does she usually take fifteen fucking minutes to respond to a yes or no question
normal	The message sent is asking for  &lt;#&gt; dollars. Should i pay  &lt;#&gt;  or  &lt;#&gt; ?
normal	Ask g or iouri, I've told the story like ten times already.
normal	How long does applebees fucking take.
normal	Hi hope you get this text~journey hasn't been good,now about 50 mins late I think.
normal	But i have to. I like to have love and arrange.
normal	Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
normal	You were supposed to wake ME up &gt.
normal	Oic... I saw him too but i tought he did not see me... I found a group liao...
normal	"HEY HEY WE ARE THE MONKEES PEOPLE SAY WE MONKEYAROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS, HOWU DOIN? FOUNDURSELF A JOBYET SAUSAGE?LOVE JEN XXX"
normal	Sorry, my battery died, I can come by but I'm only getting a gram for now, where's your place?
normal	Well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember would that is, hmm. 
normal	I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
normal	LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
normal	ten min later ok.
normal	hanks lotsly!
normal	Thanks for this hope you had a good day today.
normal	ok what are detail you want to transfer?account number enough?
normal	Ok i will tell her to stay out. Yeah its been tough but we are optimistic things will improve this month.
normal	Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.
normal	LOOK AT AMY URE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT WOMAN AND I LIKE YOU A LOT. I KNOW YOU DON'’T LIKE ME LIKE THAT SO DON’'T WORRY.
normal	I hope you that's the result of being consistently intelligent and kind. Start asking him about practicum links and keep your ears open and all the best.
normal	that call cost. Which i guess isnt bad. Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya
normal	Going through a very different feeling. wavering decisions and coping up with the same is the same individual.time will heal everything i believe.
normal	Where did you go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here.
normal	Sorry, I'll call later ok bye.
normal	Ok i am on the way to railway.
normal	They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
normal	When are you going to ride your bike?
normal	Yup, no need. I'll jus wait for e rain to stop.
normal	There are many company. Tell me the language.
normal	How long has it been since you screamed, princess?
normal	Ok I'm gonna head up to useful in like fifteen minutes.
normal	Love you aathi..love you lot..
normal	Tension ah?what machi?any problem?
normal	oK, can I pick up another 8th when you're done?
normal	When're you guys getting back? G said you were thinking about not staying for mcr.normla	
normal	Almost there, see you in a second.
normal	Yo carlos, a few friends are already asking me about you, you working at all this weekend?
normal	Watching tv lor.
normal	Thank you baby! I can't wait to taste the real thing...
normal	You should change your fb.
normal	If we win its really no 1 side for long time.
normal	Dear reached railway. What happen to you.
normal	Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2
normal	I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
normal	Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card.
normal	Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
normal	What class of  &lt;#&gt;  reunion?
normal	Are you free now?can i call now?
