normal	Sun can't come to earth but send l as rays. cloud can't come to river but send luv as rain. I can't come to meet you, but can send my care as message to you. Good evning.
normal	You will be in the place of that man.
normal	It doesn't make sense to take it there unless its free. If you need to know more, wikipedia.com
normal	Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
normal	Then mum's repent how?
normal	Sorry me going home first... Daddy come fetch you later.
normal	Leave it de. Start Prepare for next.
normal	Yes baby! We can study all the positions of the kama sutra.
normal	En chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee.
normal	Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy.
normal	This pay is  &lt;DECIMAL&gt lakhs.
normal	Have a good evening! Title.
normal	Did you receive my message?
normal	Ho ho - big belly laugh! See ya tomorrow.
normal	Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace.
normal	I've got  &lt;#&gt; , any way I could pick up?
normal	I don't know pa, i just drink milk.
normal	May be?! Say hi to  and find out if  got his card. Great escape or wetherspoons? 
normal	Piggy, are you awake? I bet you are still sleeping. I'm going for lunch now.
normal	Cause I'm not freaky lol.
normal	Missed your call cause I was yelling at scrappy. Miss you. Can't wait for you to come home. I'm so lonely today.
normal	What is this 'hex' place you talk of? Explain!
normal	you log off for what. It's sdryb8i.
normal	Is xy going for lunch?
normal	I wanted to ask ü to wait 4 me to finish lect. because my lecture finishes in an hour anyway.
normal	Have you finished work yet?
normal	Every King Was Once A Crying Baby And Every Great Building Was Once A Map.. Not Imprtant Where U r TODAY, BUT Where U Wil Reach TOMORW. Gud ni8
normal	Dear,Me at cherthala.in case you are coming cochin please call before you start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day you are coming.tommorow i am engaged ans its holiday.
normal	Thanks love. But am i doing torch or bold.
normal	Was the farm open?
normal	Sorry to trouble you again. Can buy 4d for my dad again?
normal	My sister in law, hope you are having a great month. Just saying hey. Abiola
normal	Will purchase  stuff today and mail to you. Do you have a po box number?
normal	Ah poop. Looks like ill prob have to send in my laptop to get fixed because it has a gpu problem
normal	Good. Good job. I like entrepreneurs
normal	Aight, you close by or still down around alex's place?
normal	meet you in corporation st outside gap … you can see how my mind is working!
normal	Mum ask you to buy food home...
normal	OK..you also don't message or reply to his message..
normal	How much you are willing to pay?
normal	What is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids.
normal	Thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? But good idea, sure they will be in pub!
normal	True dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time.
normal	I don't think I can get away for a trek that long with family in town, sorry
normal	So when do you wanna gym harri.
normal	Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i would not driving...
normal	It just seems like weird timing that the night that all you and g want is for me to come smoke is the same day as when a shitstorm is attributed to me always coming over and making everyone smoke
normal	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
normal	When i have stuff to sell i will tell you.
normal	Book which lesson? then you message me... I will call up after work or sth... I'm going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
normal	Macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.LET LIFE BEGIN AGAIN.call me anytime
normal	Oh is it? Send me the address
normal	it's fine. Anytime. All the best with it.
normal	That is wondar full flim.
normal	Ya even those cookies have jelly on them
normal	The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction? or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run.
normal	Got it! It looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
normal	Of ourse can learn i'm not so ba dao ok... 1 pm lor... why you never ask where we go ah... I said you would ask on fri but he said you will ask today...
normal	Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th
normal	Exactly. Anyways how far. Is jide her to study or just visiting
normal	Dunno why you ask me.
normal	No he didn't. Spring is coming early yay!
normal	Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner.
