normal	ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
normal	He will, you guys close?
normal	Going on nothing great.bye
normal	Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
normal	Haha awesome, be there in a minute
normal	Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
normal	I just reached home. I go bathe first. But my sister using net tell you when she finishes k...
normal	Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
normal	I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.
normal	Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
normal	It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
normal	How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishing you a great day
normal	Good morning dear hav a nice day.
normal	Did you got that persons story.
normal	is your hamster dead? Hey so tommaro i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt? 
normal	Hi it's Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Text back if you can. :)
normal	Found it, ENC  &lt;#&gt; , where you at?
normal	I sent you  &lt;#&gt;  bucks
normal	Hello darlin i have finished college now so text me when you finish if you can love Kate xxx.
normal	Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
normal	Goodmorning sleeping ram.
normal	you call me alter at 11 ok.
normal	you say untill like dat i done buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
normal	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
normal	Aight yo, dats straight dogg
normal	You please give us connection today itself before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  or refund the bill
normal	Both, i shoot big loads so get ready!
normal	What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester.
normal	Home so we can always chat
normal	OK good:)study well.
normal	Yup... How you noe leh...
normal	Sounds great! Are you home now?
normal	Finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
normal	Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
normal	Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
normal	I have to take exam with march 3
normal	Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
normal	Ok no prob. Take your time.
normal	There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
normal	Sorry, I'll call later.
normal	Life is more strict than teacher... Because Teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, But Life first conducts Exam &amp; then teaches Lessons. Happy morning. . .
normal	Dear good morning now only i am up.
normal	Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side &lt;#&gt; street road and turn at first right.
normal	Dear we are going to our rubber place.
normal	Sorry battery died, yeah I'm here.
normal	Yes:)here tv is always available in work place.
normal	I have printed it oh. So  &lt;#&gt;  come upstairs
normal	Or ill be a little closer like at the bus stop on the same street
normal	Where are you? when wil you reach here?
normal	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with your friends just. kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
normal	Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i can't.
normal	PLEASE TELL ME, YOU WANT DONE SPORTSx
normal	Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
normal	Although i told you that i'm into big face watches now but i really like e watch you gave because it's from you. Thanks for everything that you have done today, i'm touched...
normal	you don't remember that old commercial?
normal	Too late. I said i have the website. I didn't i have or dont have the slippers.
normal	I asked you to call him now ok.
normal	Kallis wont bat in 2nd innings.
normal	It did not work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I will fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
normal	Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak five min hold.
normal	When yor are lovable became angry wid you, do not take it seriously.. because being angry is the most childish and true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
normal	What you doing?how are you?
normal	Ups which is three days also, and the shipping company that takes two weeks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
normal	I'm back, lemme know when you're ready.
