normal	Maybe i could get book out tomorrow then return it immediately ..? Or something.
normal	Ta-Daaaaa! I am home babe, are you still up ?
normal	Cool. So how come you haven't been wined and dined before?
normal	Just sleeping..and surfing.
normal	you calling me right? Call my hand phone...
normal	Ok that's great thanks a lot.
normal	I take it the post has come then! You must have 1000s of texts now! Happy reading. My one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. Bless him
normal	Where you been hiding stranger?
normal	Am not interested to do like that.
normal	My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
normal	Good night....take...practice going on.
normal	this is yijue. I just saw your mail. In case huiming haven't sent you my number. this is my number.
normal	One small prestige problem now.
normal	Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month.
normal	No can't help you there, I've never had an iphone.
normal	If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit.
normal	TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? please please JUST SLAP youself Because, Its your fault, I'm basically GOOD.
normal	Yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? Jay and I are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed.
normal	&lt;#&gt; ISH MINUTES WAS five MINUTES AGO. WTF.
normal	Thank You for calling.Forgot to say Happy Onam to you Sirji.I am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.Meet You in Qatar Insha Allah.Rakhesh, ex Tata AIG who joined TISSCO,Tayseer.
normal	I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
normal	Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted.
normal	Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku.
normal	Oh ok no prob..
normal	Check audrey's status right now.
normal	Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you.
normal	Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you, my love ... As always
normal	Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.
normal	Cool, text me when you're ready.
normal	Hello my boytoy. Geeee I miss you already and I just woke up. I wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. I love you ...
normal	I will spoil you in bed as well.
normal	I'm going for bath will message you next  &lt;#&gt;  min..
normal	I can't keep talking to people if am not sure i can pay them if they agree to price. So pls tell me what you want to really buy and how much you are willing to pay.
normal	Can you say what happend.
normal	You could have seen me..i did't recognise you Face.
normal	Well there's not a lot of things happening in Lindsay on New years *sighs* Some bars in Ptbo and the blue heron has something going
normal	Keep my payasam there if rinu brings.
normal	I taught that Ranjith sir called me. So only i sms like that. Becaus hes verifying about project. Prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
normal	I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
normal	Yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet.
normal	Hey leave it. not a big deal. take care.
normal	Hey i will be late ah... Meet you at 945+.
normal	It took Mr owl three licks.
normal	Customer place i will call you.
normal	Mean that time you don't like fun.
normal	Yup having my lunch buffet now.you eat already?
normal	Huh so late... For dinner?
normal	Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too? 
normal	Morning only i can ok.
normal	Yes i think so. I am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. I didn't shut that down.
normal	Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
normal	From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
normal	Was actually sleeping and still might when you call back. So a text is great. You rock sister. Will send you a text when i wake.
normal	You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
normal	Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India.
normal	Hmmm...ok...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
normal	Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her.
normal	The hair cream has not been shipped.
normal	None of that's happening til you get here though.
normal	Yep, the great loxahatchee xmas tree burning of  &lt;#&gt;  starts in an hour.
normal	Haha get used to driving to usefull man, I know a lot of stoners.
normal	All was well untill slightly disastrous class this pm with my favorite darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee would be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
normal	Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
normal	because i want it to be your thing.
